fix(curriculum): clean-up Project Euler 161-180 (#42782)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-165-intersections.md

We will call a common point $T$ of two segments $L_1$ and $L_2$ a true intersection point of $L_1$ and $L_2$ if $T$ is the only common point of $L_1$ and $L_2$ and $T$ is an interior point of both segments.

Consider the three segments $L_1$, $L_2$, and $L_3$:

$$\begin{align}
  & L_1: (27, 44) \\;\text{to}\\; (12, 32) \\\\
  & L_2: (46, 53) \\;\text{to}\\; (17, 62) \\\\
  & L_3: (46, 70) \\;\text{to}\\; (22, 40) \\\\
\end{align}$$

It can be verified that line segments $L_2$ and $L_3$ have a true intersection point. We note that as the one of the end points of $L_3$: (22, 40) lies on $L_1$ this is not considered to be a true point of intersection. $L_1$ and $L_2$ have no common point. So among the three line segments, we find one true intersection point.

Now let us do the same for 5000 line segments. To this end, we generate 20000 numbers using the so-called "Blum Blum Shub" pseudo-random number generator.

$$\begin{align}
  & s_0 = 290797 \\\\
  & s_{n + 1} = s_n × s_n (\text{modulo}\\; 50515093) \\\\
  & t_n = s_n (\text{modulo}\\; 500) \\\\
\end{align}$$

> To create each line segment, we use four consecutive numbers tn. That is, the first line segment is given by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create each line segment, we use four consecutive numbers $t_n$. That is, the first line segment is given by:
```

> (t1, t2) to (t3, t4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
($_t$1, $t_2$) to ($t_3$, $t_4$)
```
